

implement these fully, systematically and robustly. Make sure to 
completel all of these features before stopping

Home Screen
The home page designed to make the product close to the user, 
On the top you can find a search bar and the different collection 
that the app has.

Categories Screen
Categories Page To make the user experience good we made the categories. 
Here users can better navigate and find products, browsing them by categories.


Cart – Checkout
To make the users comfortable while they purchase the products, 
We focused on making the cart and cart and the checkout screens simple 
with just the necessary information.

Product Page
The product page provides easy access to all the information that the user 
needs to understand the products from the price to the sizes.


Sellers Page
Create and manage sellers easily from the backend, customize and set 
exclusive options and settings for each seller independently of other sellers

Premium Design Vendor Dashboard
Frontend Vendor Product Management – Simple, Variable, Virtual, Downloadable Products (Digital), Inventory, Shipping, Upsells & Cross-sells, Attributes, etc
Vendor Order Management
Unique Vendor Store & Product Pages
Vendor Coupon Management – Min and Max Spend, Usage Limits, etc
Vendor Earnings, Charts & Reports
Store Reviews & Feedback – Vendors Can Reply or Report Reviews
Favorite (Follow) Stores
Refund Requests – Approval System
Advanced Vendor Shipping by Zone
Color Scheme Customizer for Dashboard
Complex Commissions System – Flat, Percentage and Combined Commissions by Vendor, Category, or Tag
Order Splitter System – Multivendor Orders are Split into Multiple Suborders
and many more advanced, powerful features, ideal for multivendor stores:

Vendor Products Import & Export
Single Product Multiple Vendors
Product & Vendor Inquiries & Messaging
Marketplace Reports & Statistics for Sales, Commissions, Orders & Registrations
Vendor Registration System with 9+ Types of Custom Fields, Manual or Automatic Approval, Become a Vendor page
Announcements System
Vendor Payouts – Balance History – Bonus Payments
Vendor Vacation Module
Vendor Groups & Memberships – Configure Features & Limits by Group
Seller Documentation & Knowledgebase
Vendor Document Verification
Automatic Group Transfer Rules (e.g. When a vendor sells $100,000+, they’re moved to the VIP Group with better commissions)
Store Notices
Messaging System between Admin, Vendor & Customers
Store Support System with 3 Support Methods
Vendor Teams & Staff – Complex Configurable Permissions
PDF Vendor Invoices, Packing Slips, Shipping Labels & more (New!)
Store SEO Settings
Store Policies
Vendor Membership Packages & Subscriptions – Vendors make one-time or subscription purchases to unlock features (e.g. product number limits, types, invoices, special badges, upsells, etc.)
Vendor Withdrawals
Abuse Reports System for Products & Reviews
Wholesale & B2B – B2BKing Integration – Quotes, Offers, Minimums, Package Quantities, Product Visibility
Vendor Badges & Achievements
Shipping Tracking – Supports DHL, UPS, TNT, DPD, Fedex, USPS, Royal Mail, and more. (New!)
Stripe Connect Split Pay – Supports 3D Secure 2, Automatic Refunds, Automatic Split Payments. Complete standalone solution for Stripe Integration. (New!)
Elementor Integration – Design Vendor Store Pages with Elementor. (New!)
Store Categories – Organize and Sort Vendors by Category. (New!)
Auctions – Vendors Create and Manage their own Auctions. (New!)
Product Bundles – Sell Bundles, Packages, Assembled Products, etc. (New!)
Bookings – Reservations, Appointments, Accommodation, Rentals. (New!)
Vendor Social Media Profiles. (New!)
Subscriptions – Vendors Sell Subscriptions for Recurring Revenue. (New!)
Advertising – Vendors Purchase Product Ads. (New!)
Stunning Designs and Proprietary Systems


Vendor Product Management
Natively integrated WooCommerce product management capabilities for 
vendors (restricted based on shop settings). Vendors can add & configure 
simple products, variations, categories, image galleries, product tags, 
upsells, linked products, digital downloads, etc

Vendor Order Management
Sellers can manage their own orders through the vendor dashboard. They can 
add order notes, configure downloadable product permissions, download invoice 
or packing slip, etc:


Single Product Multiple Vendors
Advanced single product multiple vendors module, with stock & vendor priority settings, positioning control, smart cache, easy ‘add to store’ button, backend management, and more.

Vendors can edit and set product details, images & prices.
Optionally, vendors can be restricted to only selling existing store products.
Market admin can assign sellers to specific products from the backend
Set priority by price, vendor rating, or available stock

Stripe Connect – Automatic Split Payments (New!)
The Stripe Connect module allows vendors to connect their Stripe accounts, and 
receive automatic split payments. Refunds are also issued automatically by 
vendors with no admin intervention needed. No other Stripe plugin is needed – 
this is a complete standalone solution.

Vendor Products Import & Export
Vendors can add products in bulk, as well as download customizable CSV lists 
of their products, via their vendor dashboard, through the import/export 
module:

Marketplace Reports & Charts
Dedicated reports panel in the admin backend shows new registrations, order 
numbers, sales & commissions by vendor, and for the entire marketplace:

Vendor Registration, Custom Fields, and Approval
Powerful registration module allows you to set up multiple registration 
options, choose from 9+ types of custom fields, review & approve vendors 
automatically or manually. Use ‘My Account’ page, or separate 
‘Become a Vendor’ page:


Refunds Requests
Refund requests module with dedicated panels, messaging and decision systems:

Vendor Team & Staff
Vendors can add their own teams and staff and configure detailed permissions 
and panel access capabilities:


ayouts & Withdrawals
Pay your vendors and use MarketKing’s payouts system to record and keep track 
of balances. Payout emails are sent, and payments are registered in the vendor 
balance history. Supports bonus payments, and vendor withdrawal requests. 
If Stripe Connect integration is used, Payouts are not necessary – vendors 
get paid automatically in their Stripe accounts, as orders are placed.


Vendor Groups & Group Transfer Rules
You can organize vendors into groups and set specific limits 
(e.g. allowed product numbers, types or categories), available panels, 
commission levels, announcements, badges, etc by group. For example, 
one group of vendors can have access to Coupons, Invoicing, 
SEO and the Vacation feature, while another can only access basic 
features such as product and order management. Group membership can be tied 
to a paid subscription or single purchase.

Through group transfer rules, you can automatically move vendors across 
groups (e.g. ‘New Vendors’ are moved to the ‘VIP’ group when they hit $500k 
in total sales). When this happens, vendors can automatically get certain 
badges, better commissions, access to new categories, etc.


Vendor Coupon Management
Each vendor can create and manage coupons for their own products. Native Woo 
interface is used, so vendors have access to all standard features, usage 
restrictions, limits, etc.


Vendor Badges System
Configure vendor badges and award them to vendors manually, or automatically 
based on group or conditions (order number, sales value, registration time). 
Built with performance in mind, badges use a smart cache system that refreshes 
vendor badges every 24 hours.


Seller Verification
Configure verification items for your vendors to upload (e.g. proof of address,
 proof of identity, company license, etc). Set requirements by vendor group. 
Documents are checked in the backend and a log is saved. Vendors are notified 
of document status by email.


Abuse Reports System
Through the abuse reports feature, customers can report products that appear 
fake or suspicious. This module also allows vendors to report reviews. 
Shop admin receives and reviews reports in the site backend.


Store Policies
Each vendor can configure and format their own store policies. Dedicated 
policies tab will be displayed on the vendor’s store page.


Store Reviews
Through the store reviews module, customers can leave reviews for products, 
which are aggregated and displayed on vendor pages. Vendors can report reviews 
to the store admin, as well as write a public reply. Reviews generate email 
notifications that are sent to vendors. The marketplace admin can view all 
reviews in the site backend.

Announcements
Through the announcements feature, the market admin can broadcast an 
announcement message to specific vendors or groups. Announcements can also 
result in email notifications, based on each vendor’s email preference 
settings.


Favorite Stores (Followers)
The favorite stores module allows customers to follow specific stores. 
Customers can view their favorite stores in their My Account pages. 
Through the use of shortcodes, you can create special pages where only 
favorite stores’ products are shown.


Store Support Options
Vendors can provide store support to customers, either through an external 
platform, via email, or through the built-in messaging tool. Verified customers
 can request support on order and store pages.


Messaging Module – Admin & Shop Communication
MarketKing’s messaging module not only connects vendors and customers across 
various features, but also allows easy communication between vendor and market 
admins. Both vendors and admins can initiate conversations, discussing orders, 
products, payouts, marketplace rules, etc.


Vendor Invoices, Packing Slips, Shipping Labels
Through the invoicing & packing module, each vendor can configure their own 
invoice settings. PDF invoices are auto generated for each order and suborder 
and can be downloaded by vendors via the order page. Vendors can add their 
store name, address, logo, as well as any custom info such as VAT or company
 data. Similarly, shipping labels, packing slips and more can be generated.


Shipping Tracking (New!)
The shipping tracking module allows vendors to enter tracking details for 
their shipments. Customers are notified and can easily track their packages. 
Supports DHL, TNT, Fedex, UPS, DPD, USPS, Royal Mail and more, and vendors 
can also enter details for custom providers.


Zone-Wise Shipping
Through the advanced shipping module, each vendor can configure their own 
shipping settings by zone. Vendors can use shipping classes, and the market 
admin can also force enable specific methods for all vendors.


MarketKing Cart – Cart Split by Vendor
MarketKing has its own proprietary split cart system that separates products by vendor in the cart.

Modern display style with highest conversion rates.
Fees, discounts, taxes, etc are all split and displayed by vendor.
Classic cart can also be enabled through settings.
Same cart system used by large marketplaces such as Etsy.


Order Splitter for Multi Vendor Orders
Customers can order from multiple vendors at the same time, and MarketKing 
will automatically split these orders into multiple sub-orders.

Each vendor has access to only their own specific sub-orders.
Customers pay for the combined order but can see the status of each individual 
sub-order.
Parent orders are excluded from analytics and reports so that reports and 
statistics are always accurate.
Fees, discounts, or coupons either go to their respective orders / products, 
or are proportionally split between orders.



