Vendor Badges System
Configure vendor badges and award them to vendors manually, or automatically 
based on group or conditions (order number, sales value, registration time). 
Built with performance in mind, badges use a smart cache system that refreshes 
vendor badges every 24 hours.


Seller Verification
Configure verification items for your vendors to upload (e.g. proof of address,
 proof of identity, company license, etc). Set requirements by vendor group. 
Documents are checked in the backend and a log is saved. Vendors are notified 
of document status by email.


Abuse Reports System
Through the abuse reports feature, customers can report products that appear 
fake or suspicious. This module also allows vendors to report reviews. 
Shop admin receives and reviews reports in the site backend.


Store Policies
Each vendor can configure and format their own store policies. Dedicated 
policies tab will be displayed on the vendor’s store page.


Store Reviews
Through the store reviews module, customers can leave reviews for products, 
which are aggregated and displayed on vendor pages. Vendors can report reviews 
to the store admin, as well as write a public reply. Reviews generate email 
notifications that are sent to vendors. The marketplace admin can view all 
reviews in the site backend.

Announcements
Through the announcements feature, the market admin can broadcast an 
announcement message to specific vendors or groups. Announcements can also 
result in email notifications, based on each vendor’s email preference 
settings.


Favorite Stores (Followers)
The favorite stores module allows customers to follow specific stores. 
Customers can view their favorite stores in their My Account pages. 
Through the use of shortcodes, you can create special pages where only 
favorite stores’ products are shown.


Store Support Options
Vendors can provide store support to customers, either through an external 
platform, via email, or through the built-in messaging tool. Verified customers
 can request support on order and store pages.